1. Different between private and public subnet

2. Extend any volume in linux vm root partition is 50gb increase to 100gb, we don't want to use EBS, how to do?

3. after launching EC2 instance status check is there right? what are those

4. SG and NACL, i want to deny traffic using SG? how to do

5.some application is running fine in aws cloud, but suddenly SSH communication was not happening, if i want to log into the server, how we can login and check

6.CloudFront in which location do we need to use ssl certificate to secure our website

7.website is experiencing latency issues what is the best practice to reduce latency

8.lets say you have launched RDS instance you try to connect but it is not happening? how you troubleshoot? you are unable to establish connection

9.you want to secure aws account, which service you use?

10.you want to attach ssl certificate in aws env with one of the application server what will you do(load balancer)

11. ec2 and s3 the api call is failing from ec2 how to troubleshoot

12.some process is running that process has 100child process how to kill all process in one shot

13. how will run backup service dedicatedly if i want 7days backup how will do

14. linux m/c how to check which flavour you are using? how to list all package installed? how do you update the package

15.difference between GitLab pipeline and Jenkins pipeline

16.how you configure the pipeline jobs

17.how will ensure CI part working fine?

18. some month resource usage spiked and resource cost will be more , how how will you manage the cost optimization.

19. how will you take backup of AMI images?

20. in your experience what issue have been resolved using shell command?

21.  have you facing any issue during deployment? what are those?

22. if any build fails in Jenkins how will you resolve? what are the step have you taken?

23. how can you secure your AWS apart from IAM?

24. how will you do password less connection?

